#summary a dictionary tool with many features.

= Introduction =
I am used to talking in IRC channels, such as #learnanylanguage on Freenode, but sometimes I would find that I wouldn't understand a word, a phrase, an idiom and                      I would have to go into my browser and search for a good online dictionary or translator to solve my problem.

The steps I took were:
- Open my browser, search for a good website to help me (or someone I had recalled), write my word/phrase, choose the language, click submit and wait for the result. Then, come back to IRC and continue talking.

Then, I started thinking how could I fix my problem. I wanted something that would work fast, something that wouldn't interfere with the conversation that I was                       having. *Dtool* is what I made to fix that, because using Dtool (a _command line_ tool) I can enjoy it while I'm running IRC, for example, on Irssi I use:

{{{
/exec dtool -h
}}}

= Details =

*Dtool* intends to be ideal for a lightweight system or a system with no GUI, but it's still on alpha version. It will run your formatted data in your default browser and show you the results like the best Google tools do. The major utility, in my humble opinion, is can run everything from _command line_ or your _IRC client_.

Dtool is licensed by GNU GPLv3 and it's free software. Read the COPYING file for more details. It's written in [http://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/C C] and was compiled with GNU C Compiler (GCC).

= Unix philosophy =

A UNIX application should be written so that it does one thing, and does                      one thing well. Dtool follows this philosophy, by helping you with your language(s) doubts with its many features.